#4569 updating mapstore package.json (#4598)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

 - take a look at your custom files to see if there are some changes (e.g. `localConfig.js`, `proxy.properties`)
 - Follow the instructions, in order

## Migration from 2019.02.01 to 2019.03.00

> MapStore **2019.03.00** changes some libraries in the package.json that are coming from github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With MapStore **2019.03.00** some dependencies that were previously hosted on github, have now been published on the npm registry, and package.json has been updated accordingly.
```
